chore: add changesets and enter pre-release mode (#2050)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/unlucky-meals-hunt.md

---
"@redocly/respect-core": major
"@redocly/openapi-core": major
"@redocly/cli": major
---

> Migrated the codebase to ES Modules from CommonJS, bringing improved code organization and better support for modern JavaScript features. This requires updating to Node.js version 20.19.0+, 22.12.0+, or 23+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrated the codebase to ES Modules from CommonJS, bringing improved code organization and better support for modern JavaScript features.
Update to Node.js version 20.19.0+, 22.12.0+, or 23+.
```
